profiling issues:

1. practitioner and organization requirements not consistent:
- Org has a must support on type, practitioner doesn't.  Should be consistent since the requirement/reason is the same?
1. Unclear whether Location Profile is US-Core or Da Vinci
1. Should US Core Encounter must support Location?
1. for R4 submit tracker for us-ein namingsystem, for STU3 use OID
1. Do we need an invariant to link the type to the url created just in case?
1. Task MPR fix valueset to OID codesystem get more information. ( stubbed for now ) get codes and valueset.
1. Is Task.context or Observation.context required? -this is where is the Encounter resource is referenced, but I don't see it and MeasureReport has a bunch of extra guidance on this which is confusing.?
1. Missing  requirement for extension for Task or Observation Location
1. What about Task/Observation Status Reason? - I thought we wanted that
1. note that the slicing is not technically correct - will fix when details finalized.
1. I made Coverage.beneficiary a must support if not then should leave it out and offer no requirement.
1. For the generic MeasureReport, I think that limiting status to 'complete' is limiting the workflow options for the sender.  discuss further.  Can give guidance that when sending to payer it should be complete instead.
1. For the generic MeasureReport,  I don't think we need the count element.  I am assuming will be 1.
1. For the generic MeasureReport, I think the evaluated resource is only Observation or Task  - they or MeasureReport directly indirectly reference the other resources (practitioner, organization, encounter, coverage, patient).
1. For Operation Outcome the only potential constraint would be a Must Support on the issue.detail element and a Davinci defined binding.
1. for Observation I added a new category code 'administration' for these attestations.


I udated the mrp resources graph
and menu bar in the IG.

link to latest IG build:  http://build.fhir.org/ig/Healthedata1/DaVinci/index.html
